USER 

_id             String
firstName       String
lastName        String
friend          Array<Object>
email           String
password        String
picturePath     String ref
location        String
occupation      String
viewedProfile   Number
impressions     Number

Post

_id             String
userId          String ref
firstName       String
lastName        String
location        String
description     String
usePicturePath  String ref
picturePath     String ref
likes           Object<String ref>
comment         Array<String>

Friend(Sub Doc)

_id             String
firstName       String
lastName        String
picturePath     String ref
occupation      String
location        String

images
path